Post-process signals
====================

This [CMake](http://www.cmake.org/) project is used to visualize the resulting vectors generated (when the flag 'FLAG_WRITE_OUTPUT_FILES' is activated)
in post-process, with the same SDL interface as the one used for the real-time simulation.

These vectors are located in the __StandaloneC/src/other/save_vector/vectors__ folder.
All these vectors are stored in .txt files and must have the exact same length.

The following commands can be used in a Unix terminal to compile and run this project (similar actions can be done with IDEs, also with Windows, Mac OS and Linux).
For more information on the use of [CMake](http://www.cmake.org/), please have a look at the [README.md](StandaloneC/README.md) file located in _StandaloneC_.

* cd StandaloneC/src/other/save_vector
* mkdir build
* cd build
* cmake ..
* make
* ./Plot_post_process

To manipulate the plot, you can use the keyboard and the mouse in the exact same way as what is done
during the real-time simulation. Again, to have more information, please have a look at the [README.md](StandaloneC/README.md) file located in _StandaloneC_.

These are the default names of the vectors in the _vectors_ folder (as generated by the simulator).

time vector:
* "vec_t.txt"

y vectors:
* "vec_1.txt"
* "vec_2.txt"
* "vec_3.txt"
* "vec_4.txt"
* "vec_5.txt"
* "vec_6.txt"

If you use a different number of vectors or if you have different names for the vectors, 
modify the StandaloneC/src/other/save_vector/src/configure_screen_sdl_plot_save.c file. Instructions are provided there.

These vectors do not need to be generated by the simulation, provided you place them
in the _StandaloneC/src/other/save_vector/vectors_ folder and that they all have the exact same size.
